it is my intention today to teach you
how to make the perfect absinthe
cocktail Ernest Hemingway's death in the
afternoon poke with of course my
personal twist okay people have one shot
of this it's eleven-thirty at night
the Absinthe you keep in the freezer it
is very very cold the red line denotes
the one else mark you want no more than
that and soon you will see it's milky
opalescence a spumante will be sweet
enough to negate the need of a sugar
cube and since we're not using a water
watch it change
watch it turn milk look how beautiful it
is wish you could smell it now it is
perfect
however for the piece de resistance and
to make it look like it does in the
movies that's right the monster this is
the highly concentrated shooter and
unlike the actual carbonated drink
itself
this is great
I hope you enjoyed this as much as i do
but i doubt it
i'm going to sleep good tonight
Wow